Now I had an indie browser running, I needed an indie network connection. The school's 
network logged every click in and out of the system, which was bad news if you were 
planning on surfing over to the Harajuku Fun Madness site for some extra-curricular fun.

The answer is something ingenious called TOR -- The Onion Router. An onion router is an 
Internet site that takes requests for web-pages and passes them onto other onion 
routers, and on to other onion routers, until one of them finally decides to fetch the 
page and pass it back through the layers of the onion until it reaches you. The traffic 
to the onion-routers is encrypted, which means that the school can't see what you're 
asking for, and the layers of the onion don't know who they're working for. There are 
millions of nodes -- the program was set up by the US Office of Naval Research to help 
their people get around the censorware in countries like Syria and China, which means 
that it's perfectly designed for operating in the confines of an average American high 
school.

TOR works because the school has a finite blacklist of naughty addresses we aren't 
allowed to visit, and the addresses of the nodes change all the time -- no way could the 
school keep track of them all. Firefox and TOR together made me into the invisible man, 
impervious to Board of Ed snooping, free to check out the Harajuku FM site and see what 
was up.

There it was, a new clue. Like all Harajuku Fun Madness clues, it had a physical, online 
and mental component. The online component was a puzzle you had to solve, one that 
required you to research the answers to a bunch of obscure questions. This batch 
included a bunch of questions on the plots in dojinshi -- those are comic books drawn by 
fans of manga, Japanese comics. They can be as big as the official comics that inspire 
them, but they're a lot weirder, with crossover story-lines and sometimes really silly 
songs and action. Lots of love stories, of course. Everyone loves to see their favorite 
toons hook up.

I'd have to solve those riddles later, when I got home. They were easiest to solve with 
the whole team, downloading tons of dojinshi files and scouring them for answers to the 
puzzles.

I'd just finished scrap-booking all the clues when the bell rang and we began our 
escape. I surreptitiously slid the gravel down the side of my short boots -- ankle-high 
Blundstones from Australia, great for running and climbing, and the easy 
slip-on/slip-off laceless design makes them convenient at the never-ending 
metal-detectors that are everywhere now.

We also had to evade physical surveillance, of course, but that gets easier every time 
they add a new layer of physical snoopery -- all the bells and whistles lull our beloved 
faculty into a totally false sense of security. We surfed the crowd down the hallways, 
heading for my favorite side-exit. We were halfway along when Darryl hissed, "Crap! I 
forgot, I've got a library book in my bag."

"You're kidding me," I said, and hauled him into the next bathroom we passed. Library 
books are bad news. Every one of them has an arphid -- Radio Frequency ID tag -- glued 
into its binding, which makes it possible for the librarians to check out the books by 
waving them over a reader, and lets a library shelf tell you if any of the books on it 
are out of place.

But it also lets the school track where you are at all times. It was another of those 
legal loopholes: the courts wouldn't let the schools track us with arphids, but they 
could track library books, and use the school records to tell them who was likely to be 
carrying which library book.

I had a little Faraday pouch in my bag -- these are little wallets lined with a mesh of 
copper wires that effectively block radio energy, silencing arphids. But the pouches 
were made for neutralizing ID cards and toll-booth transponders, not books like --

"Introduction to Physics?" I groaned. The book was the size of a dictionary.
